{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Lato-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Lato-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red67\green67\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lori Kerber, DDS SERVICES\
\
\
Your Child\'92s First Visit:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 For new parents we follow the recommendations of the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry \'96 "first visit by the first birthday". Recognizing the short attention span of 1 year olds, we will perform an exam, demonstrate proper oral hygiene techniques, and discuss your child's eating, feeding, and oral habits with you.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 Preventive & Home Care:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Prevention is always better than treatment. Brush your teeth twice daily using any soft-bristled, ADA-approved tooth brush. We also recommend the use of modern electric tooth brushes such as Sonicare and Braun. Floss daily to remove plaque between teeth that you can't reach with regular brushing.\
Always rinse thoroughly with water after brushing (or after meals if you are unable to brush). You may occasionally use a mouthwash to rinse. Children may benefit from the use of ACT fluoride rinse, to help prevent cavities from forming in between the teeth\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Exams & Cleanings:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Dental examinations help to diagnose disease before it becomes hazardous to your child's health. In addition, regular examinations can save money by alleviating problems while they are small and before they become expensive to repair, or in some cases, impossible to repair.\
A professional dental cleaning will include removing plaque from teeth, removing calculus (tarter) above the gum line. Calculus below the gum line indicates gum disease and requires a different procedure to remove it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Digital X-Rays\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Dental x-rays or radiographs allow the dentist to see things about your child's oral health that cannot be seen by the naked eye. These items include cysts, cancerous and non-cancerous tumors, invisible decay that occurs between teeth, and the location of teeth that haven't grown all the way in.\
Modern dental x-ray machines are very safe. We use only state-of-the-art, low radiation machines. The amount of radiation exposure your child's body receives on an airplane flight from Los Angeles to New York exceeds the amount of exposure they will receive from a modern dental x-ray machine. Contrast this minimal exposure with the risk of not finding an illness until it is too late, and you can see why we prescribe regular diagnostic x-rays.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Sealants & Fillings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Normal pits and grooves on the chewing surfaces of back teeth can trap food that can't be removed by brushing or washed out by water or saliva. A sealant is a tough material designed to bond (stick) to tooth enamel.\
Composite fillings are more than just attractive. They require minimal tooth preparation, in other words less healthy tooth structure is removed to restore the tooth. Also, a sealant can be placed over the remaining exposed grooves of the tooth to minimize the risk of decay on another area of the tooth.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Safe Sedation Dentistry (no modal image needed)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 We offer several sedation dentistry options depending on your child\'92s needs and how much treatment is needed. 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Nitrous oxide
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  is a safe, effective option for children who are apprehensive about treatment and quickly dissipates with normal breathing after the treatment completes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Conscious sedation
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  is recommended for apprehensive children, very young children, or children with special needs. It is used to calm your child and reduce anxiety or discomfort associated with dental treatments. Your child will be quite drowsy and may even fall asleep but they will not become unconscious.\
Outpatient General Anesthesia is recommended for those children who conscious sedation treatment won\'92t work or who have extensive needs. This treatment is performed in a hospital or outpatient setting only.\
Contact us today to schedule a complimentary sedation consultation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Laser Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Dental lasers are a highly-effective way to target only certain tissues in the body allowing us to silently and gently treat gum disease, remove and eradicate bacteria, recontour gum lines after cosmetic procedures, relieve canker sores and offer much less discomfort than traditional treatments. Due to the precision laser dentistry offers, often recover times are much less.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Baby Root Canals\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Also known as a Pulpotomy, a root canal is required when decay has reached the nerve of a baby tooth. It can be quite painful, so we recommend this treatment to preserve the tooth so that it can fall out naturally. Unlike adult root canals, this is a very short procedure that only requires part of the tooth pulp to be removed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Space Maintainers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 When your child prematurely loses a baby tooth, the use of a space maintainer may be used. A space maintainer -- a combination of bands and wires designed to hold the remaining teeth in a position that will allow the future permanent tooth to erupt in the proper location.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Patient Comfort\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa600\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Dr. Kerber's office was designed for infants, children and teens. From the games in the waiting room to the life-sized wall art, kids feel right at home. It's a unique atmosphere that helps children relax and enjoy their experience. Children deserve to experience a gentle, caring approach to their dental care.\
}